feat: aws-machine-image datasource (#11869)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/datasource/aws-machine-image/readme.md

> :warning: **This datasource is _experimental_**: Be aware that its syntax and behavior may change at any time!

This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API (valid credentials required).

> Because there is no general lookupName, you have to use the [describe images filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ec2/interfaces/describeimagescommandinput.html#filters) as minified JSON as a lookupName.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there is no general `lookupName`, you have to use the [describe images filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ec2/interfaces/describeimagescommandinput.html#filters) as minified JSON as a `lookupName`.
```

Do we want to use the monospaced font for `lookupName` maybe?

Example:

```yaml
# Getting the latest official EKS image from AWS (account '602401143452' for eu-central-1) for EKS 1.21 (name matches 'amazon-eks-node-1.21-*') would look as a describe images filter like:

[
    {
        "Name": "owner-id",
        "Values": [
            "602401143452"
        ]
    },
    {
        "Name": "name",
        "Values": [
            "amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"
        ]
    }

> ]

Reviewer: The YAML takes up a bit of horizontal space, can this be condensed in some way maybe?

Author: I changed it to a more compact style ...

# In order to use it with this datasource, you have to minify it:

[{"Name":"owner-id","Values":["602401143452"]},{"Name":"name","Values":["amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"]}]
```

> At the moment, this datasource has no "manager".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, AMI files do not have a "manager".
```

Maybe this is more accurate?

You have to use the regex manager for this.

**Usage Example**

> An example how a regex manager could look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of using the regex manager:
```

```javascript
module.exports = {
  regexManagers: [
    {
      fileMatch: ['.*'],
      matchStrings: [
        '.*amiFilter=(?<lookupName>.*?)\n(.*currentImageName=(?<currentDigest>.*?)\n)?(.*\n)?.*?(?<depName>[a-zA-Z0-9-_:]*)[ ]*?[:|=][ ]*?["|\']?(?<currentValue>ami-[a-z0-9]{17})["|\']?.*',
      ],
      datasourceTemplate: 'aws-machine-image',
      versioningTemplate: 'aws-machine-image',
    },
  ],
};
```

> or as JSON ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or as JSON:
```

> This datasource returns the latest [aws machine image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the aws api (valid credentials required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API (valid credentials required).
```

> Because there is no general lookupName, you have to use the [describe images filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ec2/interfaces/describeimagescommandinput.html#filters) as minified json as a lookupName.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there is no general lookupName, you have to use the [describe images filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ec2/interfaces/describeimagescommandinput.html#filters) as minified JSON as a lookupName.
```

Example:

```yaml

> # Getting the latest official eks image from aws (account '602401143452' for eu-central-1) for eks 1.21 (name matches 'amazon-eks-node-1.21-*') would look as a describe images filter like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting the latest official EKS image from AWS (account '602401143452' for eu-central-1) for EKS 1.21 (name matches 'amazon-eks-node-1.21-*') would look as a describe images filter like:
```

[
    {
        "Name": "owner-id",
        "Values": [
            "602401143452"
        ]
    },
    {
        "Name": "name",
        "Values": [
            "amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"
        ]
    }
]

# in order to use it with this datasource, you have to minify it:

[{"Name":"owner-id","Values":["602401143452"]},{"Name":"name","Values":["amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"]}]
```

> At the moment, this datasource has no "manager". You should use the regex manager for this - an example how a regex manager could look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, this datasource has no "manager".
You should use the regex manager for this - an example how a regex manager could look like:
```

Use one sentence per line. 😉

Reviewer 2: Yes, thank you!

This datasource returns the latest [aws machine image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the aws api (valid credentials required).

Because there is no general lookupName, you have to use the [describe images filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-ec2/interfaces/describeimagescommandinput.html#filters) as minified json as a lookupName.

Example:

```yaml
# Getting the latest official eks image from aws (account '602401143452' for eu-central-1) for eks 1.21 (name matches 'amazon-eks-node-1.21-*') would look as a describe images filter like:

[
    {
        "Name": "owner-id",
        "Values": [
            "602401143452"
        ]
    },
    {
        "Name": "name",
        "Values": [
            "amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"
        ]
    }
]

# in order to use it with this datasource, you have to minify it:

[{"Name":"owner-id","Values":["602401143452"]},{"Name":"name","Values":["amazon-eks-node-1.21-*"]}]
```

> At the moment, this datasource has no "manager". You have to use the regex manager for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, this datasource has no "manager".
You have to use the regex manager for this.
```

Use one sentence per line.

**Usage Example**

An example how a regex manager could look like:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  regexManagers: [
    {
      fileMatch: ['.*'],
      matchStrings: [
        '._amiFilter=(?<lookupName>._?)\n(._currentImageName=(?<currentDigest>._?)\n)?(._\n)?._?(?<depName>[a-zA-Z0-9-_:]_)[ ]_?[:|=][ ]_?["|\']?(?<currentValue>ami-[a-z0-9]{17})["|\']?._',
      ],
      datasourceTemplate: 'aws-machine-image',
      versioningTemplate: 'aws-machine-image',
    },
  ],
};
```

> This would match every file, and would recognize the following lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would match every file, and would recognize the following lines:
```
